Improves monitoring Neo4j standalone container docs (#175)
neo4j/docs-ops-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/addition/docker/container.adoc

= Monitor a Neo4j instance in standalone Docker container

A Neo4j instance running in a Docker container can be monitored by a NOM agent in two ways:
 
- NOM agent can be run as an additional (daemon) process in the Neo4j container
- NOM agent can be run on the Docker host to externally monitor the Neo4j container

[NOTE]
====
Running additional processes that are not tied to the lifecycle of the container process is not a best practice for containerized applications.
====

== In-container Monitoring
Following steps describe running a NOM agent in Neo4j container as an additional (daemon) process to monitor the instance:

> * Run the Neo4j docker container-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run the Neo4j docker container.
```

>     ** This https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/docker/[operations] document describe various ways to run a Neo4j instance docker container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** This https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/docker/[operations] document describe various ways to run a Neo4j instance docker container.
```

>     ** A custom entrypoint script can be mounted to Neo4j container to run the NOM agent at DBMS startup which is described <<entrypoint, below>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** A custom entrypoint script can be mounted to Neo4j container to run the NOM agent at DBMS startup which is described <<entrypoint, further on>>.
```

> * Install NOM agent - to make `agent` command available to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install NOM agent in order to make `agent` command available to run.
```

>     ** Bundled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** Bundled
    
```

>     NOM agent binaries are bundled in the Neo4j package and reside in the `products` folder of the Neo4j installation directory. It can be
>     extracted from the package and installed into a system binaries directory for access to `agent` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    NOM agent binaries are bundled in the Neo4j package and reside in the `products` folder of the Neo4j installation directory. 
    It can be extracted from the package and installed into a system binaries directory for access to `agent` command.
```

[source, shell]
----
tar -xzf $NEO4J_HOME/products/neo4j-ops-manager-agent-<NOM_VERSION>-linux-amd64.tar.gz --strip-components 1 && mv bin/agent-<NOM_VERSION>-linux-amd64 /bin/agent
----

>     ** Mounted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** Mounted
    
```

    NOM agent binaries can be mounted into the container as a volume mount and installed into a system binaries directory for access to `agent` command.
[source, shell]
----
docker run -e NEO4J_ACCEPT_LICENSE_AGREEMENT=yes -v <path/to/agent/binary>:/agent/bin neo4j/neo4j:latest --name <neo4j container name>

# wait for the container to be ready and then run
docker exec -it <neo4j container name> -- /bin/sh -c "mv /agent/bin/agent-*-linux-amd64 /bin/agent"
----

>     ** Downloaded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** Downloaded
    
```

    NOM agent package can be directly downloaded on to Neo4j container and then extracted and installed.
[source, shell]
---- 
wget -O /tmp/neo4j-ops-manager-agent-<NOM_VERSION>-linux-amd64.tar.gz https://dist.neo4j.org/ops-manager/<NOM_VERSION>/neo4j-ops-manager-agent-<NOM_VERSION>-linux-amd64.tar.gz
tar -xzf /tmp/neo4j-ops-manager-agent-*-linux-amd64.tar.gz --strip-components 1 && mv bin/agent-*-linux-amd64 /bin/agent
----

> * Run NOM agent - running the agent involves executing the agent binary with appropriate agent configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run NOM agent, which involves executing the agent binary with appropriate agent configuration.
```

= Monitor a Neo4j instance in standalone Docker container

A Neo4j instance running in a Docker container can be monitored by a NOM agent in two ways:
 
- NOM agent can be run as an additional (daemon) process in the Neo4j container
- NOM agent can be run on the Docker host to externally monitor the Neo4j container

[NOTE]
====
Running additional processes that are not tied to the lifecycle of the container process is not a best practice for containerized applications.
====

== In-container Monitoring
Following steps describe running a NOM agent in Neo4j container as an additional (daemon) process to monitor the instance:

* Run the Neo4j docker container.
    ** This https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/docker/[operations] document describe various ways to run a Neo4j instance docker container.
    ** A custom entrypoint script can be mounted to Neo4j container to run the NOM agent at DBMS startup which is described <<entrypoint, further on>>.
    
* Install NOM agent in order to make `agent` command available to run.
    ** Bundled

>         *** NOM agent binaries are bundled in the Neo4j package and reside in the `products` folder of the Neo4j installation directory. 

Reviewer: This doesn't render correctly without the extra line.

Author: this is fixed now

    ** Agent configuration can be provided as environment variables set during docker `exec` command or as part of container startup command.
    ** Run agent in console mode

    docker exec -dit <neo4j container name> -- /bin/sh 'CONFIG_AGENT_NAME="test_local" \
    CONFIG_AGENT_DESCRIPTION="local self-registered agent" \
    CONFIG_SERVER_GRPC_ADDRESS="server:9090" \
    CONFIG_SERVER_HTTP_ADDRESS="https://server:8080" \
    CONFIG_LOG_LEVEL="debug" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_NAME="test_local" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_URI="bolt://localhost:7687" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_USERNAME="neo4j" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_PASSWORD="passw0rd" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_QUERY_LOG_PORT="9500" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_LOG_CONFIG_PATH="/var/lib/neo4j/conf/server-logs.xml" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_QUERY_LOG_MIN_DURATION="100" \
    NEO4J_ACCEPT_LICENSE_AGREEMENT="yes" \
    NEO4J_AUTH=neo4j/passw0rd \
    NEO4J_EDITION="enterprise" \
    NEO4J_server_metrics_prometheus_enabled="true" \
    NEO4J_server_metrics_prometheus_endpoint="localhost:2004" \
    NEO4J_server_metrics_filter="*" \
    agent console -s'

> 

Reviewer 2: I think security configuration variables are also needed, ex.

```
      CONFIG_TLS_TRUSTED_CERTS: "/certificates/server.cer"
```

EDIT: but maybe this one is not important since it is optional.

These properties are not needed for an agent (afaik):
```
NEO4J_ACCEPT_LICENSE_AGREEMENT="yes" 
NEO4J_EDITION="enterprise" 
NEO4J_server_metrics_prometheus_enabled="true" 
NEO4J_server_metrics_prometheus_endpoint="localhost:2004" 
NEO4J_server_metrics_filter="*" 
```

This would also apply to the other env variable blocks on this page.

Author: will update, thanks for introducing `callouts`

= Monitor a Neo4j instance in standalone Docker container

A Neo4j instance running in a Docker container can be monitored by a NOM agent in two ways:
 

> - NOM agent can be run as an additional (daemon) process in the Neo4j container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The NOM agent can be run as an additional (daemon) process in the Neo4j container
```

Reviewer: If an article is needed here, it should be the definite one.

> - NOM agent can be run on the Docker host to externally monitor the Neo4j container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The NOM agent can be run on the Docker host to externally monitor the Neo4j container
```

[NOTE]
====
Running additional processes that are not tied to the lifecycle of the container process is not a best practice for containerized applications.
====

== In-container Monitoring

> Following steps describe running a NOM agent in Neo4j container as an additional (daemon) process to monitor the instance:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following steps describe running a NOM agent in Neo4j container as an additional (daemon) process to monitor the instance:
```

* Run the Neo4j docker container.

>     ** This https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/docker/[operations] document describe various ways to run a Neo4j instance docker container.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    ** For more information, see this document on https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/docker/[how to run a Neo4j instance docker container].
```

>     ** A custom entrypoint script can be mounted to Neo4j container to run the NOM agent at DBMS startup which is described <<entrypoint, further on>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** A custom entrypoint script can be mounted to the Neo4j container to run the NOM agent at DBMS startup which is described <<entrypoint, further on>>.
```

> * Install NOM agent in order to make `agent` command available to run.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Install a NOM agent in order to make `agent` command available to run.
```

> * Install NOM agent in order to make `agent` command available to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install the NOM agent to make the `agent` command available to run.
```

    ** Bundled
        *** NOM agent binaries are bundled in the Neo4j package and reside in the `products` folder of the Neo4j installation directory. 

>         *** It can be extracted from the package and installed into a system binaries directory for access to `agent` command.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        *** It can be extracted from the package and installed into a system binaries directory for access to the `agent` command.
```

+
[source, shell]
----
tar -xzf $NEO4J_HOME/products/neo4j-ops-manager-agent-<NOM_VERSION>-linux-amd64.tar.gz --strip-components 1 && mv bin/agent-<NOM_VERSION>-linux-amd64 /bin/agent
----

    ** Mounted
        *** NOM agent binaries can be mounted into the container as a volume mount and installed into a system binaries directory for access to `agent` command.
+
[source, shell]
----
docker run -e NEO4J_ACCEPT_LICENSE_AGREEMENT=yes -v <path/to/agent/binary>:/agent/bin neo4j/neo4j:latest --name <neo4j container name>
----
Wait for the container to be ready and then run:
+
[source, shell]
----
docker exec -it <neo4j container name> -- /bin/sh -c "mv /agent/bin/agent-*-linux-amd64 /bin/agent"
----

    ** Downloaded
        *** NOM agent package can be directly downloaded on to Neo4j container and then extracted and installed.
+
[source, shell]
----
wget -O /tmp/neo4j-ops-manager-agent-<NOM_VERSION>-linux-amd64.tar.gz https://dist.neo4j.org/ops-manager/<NOM_VERSION>/neo4j-ops-manager-agent-<NOM_VERSION>-linux-amd64.tar.gz
tar -xzf /tmp/neo4j-ops-manager-agent-*-linux-amd64.tar.gz --strip-components 1 && mv bin/agent-*-linux-amd64 /bin/agent
----

> * Run NOM agent, which involves executing the agent binary with appropriate agent configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run the NOM agent, which involves executing the agent binary with appropriate agent configuration.
```

>     ** Agent configuration can be provided as environment variables set during docker `exec` command or as part of container startup command.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    ** Agent configuration can be provided as environment variables when set during docker `exec` command or as part of container startup command.
```

>     ** Run agent in console mode

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    ** Run the agent in console mode.
```

+
[source, shell]
----
docker exec -dit <neo4j container name> -- /bin/sh 'CONFIG_AGENT_NAME="test_local" \
    CONFIG_AGENT_DESCRIPTION="local self-registered agent" \
    CONFIG_SERVER_GRPC_ADDRESS="server:9090" \
    CONFIG_SERVER_HTTP_ADDRESS="https://server:8080" \
    CONFIG_LOG_LEVEL="debug" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_NAME="test_local" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_URI="bolt://localhost:7687" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_USERNAME="neo4j" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_PASSWORD="passw0rd" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_QUERY_LOG_PORT="9500" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_LOG_CONFIG_PATH="/var/lib/neo4j/conf/server-logs.xml" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_QUERY_LOG_MIN_DURATION="100" \
    NEO4J_ACCEPT_LICENSE_AGREEMENT="yes" \
    NEO4J_AUTH=neo4j/passw0rd \
    NEO4J_EDITION="enterprise" \
    NEO4J_server_metrics_prometheus_enabled="true" \
    NEO4J_server_metrics_prometheus_endpoint="localhost:2004" \
    NEO4J_server_metrics_filter="*" \
    agent console -s'
----

[[entrypoint]]

> == Start a Neo4j container with NOM agent using a custom entry point

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
== Start a Neo4j container with a NOM agent using a custom entry point
```

> Neo4j container starts up by running the entrypoint script at `/startup/docker-entrypoint.sh` with command `neo4j`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Neo4j container starts up by running the entrypoint script `/startup/docker-entrypoint.sh` with the command `neo4j`. 
```

> To run the NOM agent at container startup, this entrypoint needs to be overridden with a custom entrypoint script as shown:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To run the NOM agent on the container startup, this entrypoint needs to be overridden with a custom entrypoint script as shown:
```

> * In console mode

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* In console mode:
```

= Monitor a Neo4j instance in standalone Docker container

A Neo4j instance running in a Docker container can be monitored by a NOM agent in two ways:
 
- NOM agent can be run as an additional (daemon) process in the Neo4j container
- NOM agent can be run on the Docker host to externally monitor the Neo4j container

[NOTE]
====
Running additional processes that are not tied to the lifecycle of the container process is not a best practice for containerized applications.
====

== In-container Monitoring
Following steps describe running a NOM agent in Neo4j container as an additional (daemon) process to monitor the instance:

* Run the Neo4j docker container.

>     ** For more information, see this document on https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/docker/[how to run a Neo4j instance docker container].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** For more information, see link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/docker/[Operations Manual -> Docker].
```

    
* Install NOM agent in order to make `agent` command available to run.
    ** Bundled
        *** NOM agent binaries are bundled in the Neo4j package and reside in the `products` folder of the Neo4j installation directory. 
        *** It can be extracted from the package and installed into a system binaries directory for access to `agent` command.
+
[source, shell]
----
tar -xzf $NEO4J_HOME/products/neo4j-ops-manager-agent-<NOM_VERSION>-linux-amd64.tar.gz --strip-components 1 && mv bin/agent-<NOM_VERSION>-linux-amd64 /bin/agent
----

    ** Mounted
        *** NOM agent binaries can be mounted into the container as a volume mount and installed into a system binaries directory for access to `agent` command.
+
[source, shell]
----
docker run -e NEO4J_ACCEPT_LICENSE_AGREEMENT=yes -v <path/to/agent/binary>:/agent/bin neo4j/neo4j:latest --name <neo4j container name>
----
+
Wait for the container to be ready and then run :
+
[source, shell]
----
docker exec -it <neo4j container name> -- /bin/sh -c "mv /agent/bin/agent-*-linux-amd64 /bin/agent"
----

    ** Downloaded

>         *** NOM agent package can be directly downloaded on to Neo4j container and then extracted and installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        *** NOM agent package can be directly downloaded on to the Neo4j container and then extracted and installed.
```

    ** Run agent in console mode
+
[source, shell]
----
docker exec -dit <neo4j container name> -- /bin/sh 'CONFIG_AGENT_NAME="test_local" \
    CONFIG_AGENT_DESCRIPTION="local self-registered agent" \
    CONFIG_SERVER_GRPC_ADDRESS="server:9090" \
    CONFIG_SERVER_HTTP_ADDRESS="https://server:8080" \
    CONFIG_TOKEN_URL=https://server:8080/api/login \
    CONFIG_TOKEN_CLIENT_ID=rj34hg6456ghrhjthet45hg6 \
    CONFIG_TOKEN_CLIENT_SECRET=5h346jhrjkthkjthjerhtkrt \
    CONFIG_TLS_TRUSTED_CERTS=/path/to/trusted/certs/pem/file \
    CONFIG_LOG_FILE=/path/to/nom-agent/log.txt \
    CONFIG_LOG_LEVEL="debug" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_NAME="test_local" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_URI="bolt://localhost:7687" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_USERNAME="neo4j" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_PASSWORD="passw0rd" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_QUERY_LOG_PORT="9500" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_LOG_CONFIG_PATH="/var/lib/neo4j/conf/server-logs.xml" \
    CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_QUERY_LOG_MIN_DURATION="100" \
    agent console -s'
----

[[entrypoint]]
== Start a Neo4j container with NOM agent using a custom entry point

> Neo4j container starts up by running the entrypoint script `/startup/docker-entrypoint.sh` with the command `neo4j`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start the Neo4j container by running the entrypoint script `/startup/docker-entrypoint.sh` with the command `neo4j`. 
```

agent console -s'
----

[[entrypoint]]

> == Start a Neo4j container with NOM agent using a custom entry point

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Start a Neo4j container with NOM agent using a custom entry point

```

> Neo4j container starts up by running the entrypoint script at `/startup/docker-entrypoint.sh` with command `neo4j`. To run the NOM agent at container startup this entrypoint needs to be overriden with a custom entrypoint script as shown below :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neo4j container starts up by running the entrypoint script at `/startup/docker-entrypoint.sh` with command `neo4j`. 
To run the NOM agent at container startup, this entrypoint needs to be overridden with a custom entrypoint script as shown:
```

.entrypoint.sh
[source, shell]
----
#!/bin/bash -eu

/startup/docker-entrypoint.sh neo4j &
agent service install
cat > neo4j-ops-manager-agent.service <<EOF
[Service]
Environment="CONFIG_SERVER_ADDRESS=<server grpc address>"
Environment="CONFIG_TOKEN_URL=<server http login url>"
Environment="CONFIG_TOKEN_CLIENT_ID=<client id>"
Environment="CONFIG_TOKEN_CLIENT_SECRET=<client secret>"
Environment="CONFIG_TLS_TRUSTED_CERTS=</path/to/trusted/certs/pem/file>"
Environment="CONFIG_LOG_FILE=</path/to/nom-agent/log.txt>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_NAME=<instance name>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_URI=<bolt uri of the local instance>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_USERNAME=<local instance user name>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_PASSWORD=<local instance password>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_QUERY_LOG_PORT=<an available port>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_LOG_CONFIG_PATH=<path to server-logs.xml>"
EOF
systemctl start neo4j-ops-manager-agent.service
----
[source, shell, role=noheader]
----
 docker run --entrypoint /custom/entrypoint.sh -e NEO4J_ACCEPT_LICENSE_AGREEMENT=yes -v <path/to/custom/entrypoint>:/custom $NEO4J_IMAGE
----

== External Monitoring

> NOM agent can be run in either the console or service mode on the Docker host and configured to have access to Neo4j container resources. Following addtional configurations to be applied to Neo4j container run config to enable external NOM agent to monitor the instance correctly :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOM agent can be run in either the console or service mode on the Docker host and configured to have access to Neo4j container resources. 
Following additional configurations to be applied to Neo4j container run config to enable external NOM agent to monitor the instance correctly :
```

CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_QUERY_LOG_PORT="9500" \
CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_LOG_CONFIG_PATH="/var/lib/neo4j/conf/server-logs.xml" \
CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_QUERY_LOG_MIN_DURATION="100" \
agent console -s
----
+
[source, shell, role=noheader]
----
 docker run --entrypoint /custom/entrypoint.sh -e NEO4J_ACCEPT_LICENSE_AGREEMENT=yes -v <path/to/custom/entrypoint>:/custom $NEO4J_IMAGE
----

* In service mode:
+
.entrypoint.sh
[source, shell]
----
#!/bin/bash -eu

/startup/docker-entrypoint.sh neo4j &
agent service install
cat > neo4j-ops-manager-agent.service <<EOF
[Service]

> Environment="CONFIG_SERVER_ADDRESS=<server grpc address>"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Environment="CONFIG_SERVER_GRPC_ADDRESS=<server grpc address>"
Environment="CONFIG_SERVER_HTTP_ADDRESS=<server http address>"
```

Environment="CONFIG_TOKEN_CLIENT_SECRET=<client secret>"
Environment="CONFIG_TLS_TRUSTED_CERTS=</path/to/trusted/certs/pem/file>"
Environment="CONFIG_LOG_FILE=</path/to/nom-agent/log.txt>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_NAME=<instance name>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_URI=<bolt uri of the local instance>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_USERNAME=<local instance user name>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_PASSWORD=<local instance password>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_QUERY_LOG_PORT=<an available port>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_LOG_CONFIG_PATH=<path to server-logs.xml>"
EOF
systemctl start neo4j-ops-manager-agent.service
----
+
[source, shell, role=noheader]
----
 docker run --entrypoint /custom/entrypoint.sh -e NEO4J_ACCEPT_LICENSE_AGREEMENT=yes -v <path/to/custom/entrypoint>:/custom $NEO4J_IMAGE
----

== External monitoring

A NOM agent can be run in either the console or service mode on the Docker host.
It can be configured to have access to Neo4j container resources.
Apply the following additional configurations to the Neo4j container run config to enable an external NOM agent to monitor the instance correctly:

> [source, shell]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source, shell, role=nocopy]
```
If you want to keep the annotations while we wait for a solution to the trailing whitespace, you can add this to remove the "copy-to-clipboard" functionality.

Author: Yeah makes sense to keep it as it's more of an illustration than a command to copy

NEO4J_server_metrics_filter="*" \
agent console -s
----
[source, shell, role=noheader]
----
 docker run --entrypoint /custom/entrypoint.sh -e NEO4J_ACCEPT_LICENSE_AGREEMENT=yes -v <path/to/custom/entrypoint>:/custom $NEO4J_IMAGE
----

> * In service mode

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* In service mode:
```

+
.entrypoint.sh
[source, shell]
----
#!/bin/bash -eu

/startup/docker-entrypoint.sh neo4j &
agent service install
cat > neo4j-ops-manager-agent.service <<EOF
[Service]
Environment="CONFIG_SERVER_ADDRESS=<server grpc address>"
Environment="CONFIG_TOKEN_URL=<server http login url>"
Environment="CONFIG_TOKEN_CLIENT_ID=<client id>"
Environment="CONFIG_TOKEN_CLIENT_SECRET=<client secret>"
Environment="CONFIG_TLS_TRUSTED_CERTS=</path/to/trusted/certs/pem/file>"
Environment="CONFIG_LOG_FILE=</path/to/nom-agent/log.txt>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_NAME=<instance name>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_URI=<bolt uri of the local instance>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_USERNAME=<local instance user name>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_BOLT_PASSWORD=<local instance password>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_QUERY_LOG_PORT=<an available port>"
Environment="CONFIG_INSTANCE_1_LOG_CONFIG_PATH=<path to server-logs.xml>"
EOF
systemctl start neo4j-ops-manager-agent.service
----
[source, shell, role=noheader]
----
 docker run --entrypoint /custom/entrypoint.sh -e NEO4J_ACCEPT_LICENSE_AGREEMENT=yes -v <path/to/custom/entrypoint>:/custom $NEO4J_IMAGE
----

> == External Monitoring

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
== External monitoring
```

> NOM agent can be run in either the console or service mode on the Docker host and configured to have access to Neo4j container resources. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A NOM agent can be run in either the console or service mode on the Docker host.
It can be configured to have access to Neo4j container resources.
```

> Following additional configurations to be applied to Neo4j container run config to enable external NOM agent to monitor the instance correctly:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Apply the following additional configurations to the Neo4j container run config to enable an external NOM agent to monitor the instance correctly:
```

[source, shell]
----
docker run --entrypoint /custom/entrypoint.sh -e NEO4J_ACCEPT_LICENSE_AGREEMENT=yes \
           -v <path/to/custom/entrypoint>:/custom \
           -v </path/to/local/neo4j/home>:/var/lib/neo4j \ <1>
           -p "8884:2004" \ <2>
           -p "9500:9500" \ <3>
       neo4j/neo4j:latest
----

> <1> Neo4j home directory needs to be mounted back on the Docker host to enable access to agent.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note that:
. The Neo4j home directory needs to be mounted back on the Docker host to enable access to agent.
```

Author: I think `callouts` make more sense in this section than a note. WDYT @AlexicaWright ?

Reviewer 2: @ravikiran-sulikeri Ravi, fyi, there is currently an [issue](https://github.com/neo4j-documentation/docs-ui/pull/204) with callouts but I added them in anticipation that it gets fixed.

Reviewer: Waiting for word on whether it's getting fixed in the near future. If so, I'd say keep the annotation.

> <2> Neo4j prometheus endpoint port (2004) needs to be exposed via port mapping.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Neo4j Prometheus endpoint port (2004) needs to be exposed via port mapping.
```

> <3> Query log port (9500) needs to be mapped for log appender to forward query logs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Query log port (9500) needs to be mapped for log appender to forward query logs.
```
